Update Viam in 3 with OS info (#953)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/viam/_index.md

## Get started

> A *robot* in Viam consists of at least one computer, typically a [single-board computer](/installation/prepare/) that communicates with any hardware connected to it by signaling through digital data pins.

Author: ```suggestion
A *robot* in Viam consists of at least one computer, typically a [single-board computer](/installation/prepare/), running `viam-server` and communicating with any hardware connected to it by signaling through digital data pins.
```
